1. Team Number: 16-6

2. Team Name: 6-pack

3. Team Members: 
    Sydney Pritchard, sypr7620, sypr7620@colorado.edu
    Christian Mesa, chris7199, chme9651@colorado.edu
    Evan Kweder, ekweder, evkw2629@colorado.edu
    Jiaye Zheng, JustinZheng0518, jizh4409@colorado.edu
    Jason Fan, jafa7705, jafa7705@colorado.edu

4. Application Name: Larté

5. Application Description: 
Our project idea is a social media-like website but with art portfolios that users can use 
to upload art, connect with other artists, and communicate with employers. Each user
may have the ability to possibly represent employers with proper verification, which will
then allow them special permissions such as to contact artists about jobs, request art, 
and generally show interest in working with artists. This will allow for a professional and
effective form of communication between the two groups, while keeping the employers
safe from being possibly bombarded with messages from users.
    
Our layout includes the users’ profile page, where they can upload their art, add
descriptions, and attach tags for what medium/genre their art falls into. These tags
will then allow employers to see what kind of art the artist focuses on, further allowing for
organization of the website and for the employers. The layout will consist of a home page which 
includes feeds of other artists that the user has connections with, a messages page, a login page,
and a user profile page. Overall, this will be a professional, LinkedIn-type of website geared 
towards artists and artist employers.


6. Audience: 
As mentioned, our audience is artists wishing to enhance connections and be provided with
opportunities in the art community. We wish to solve the struggle that is being successful 
in the art world, as engaging with people who are willing to buy art is very difficult, 
especially in today's age with technology at the forefront of entertainment. This also 
means we intend to make a very intuitive, user friendly website that has exactly what 
the artists and employers need, and not much more. This is because our target audience
likely is not as interested in technology and computers, and will want these interactions 
to be simple, quick, and easy.

7. Vision Statement: For artists and artist employers who need a way to professionally 
communicate with one another, as well as express their goals and needs for their career. 
Larté is a social website that allows for building connections within the art community.
Unlike LinkedIn, our product is geared towards artists. This is essential for professions such
as these as the need to coincide and be integrated into technology today is greater than ever.

8. *Files made*

9. Development Methodology: We will use Github boards to track progress.

10. Communication Plan: We are using Slack.

11. Meeting Plan: 
TA meeting: Tuesday[1:15 - 1:30pm]
Group meeting: Friday [1:30 - 2:30pm]

12. Use Case Diagram: Attached in Deliverables

    
