Group 16-6 Team Meetings
4/4 Team Meeting
Finished part c of lab, Designed Database, Nav Bar/Header redesign, Decided on New Post page
Todo: Implement database, Finish Nav Bar/Header, Finish Profile Frame (after database), Registration page direct access

4/11 Team Meeting
Connect front and back ends. Database needs user, post, and image functionality.
Start to work on front end styling as well

4/18 Team Meeting
Done this week:
Fixed the nav bar errors
Added images to the post
Added message setup and the functions
Search profiles link working
Create new database
Design the overall css.style for the whole project
Theme/color scheme

4/22 Team Meeting
Polishing and working on the presentation
TODO:
Check the projects work on all functions
Prepare for the presentation
Clean all the stuff if don't need anymore, make the code clean and tidy.

TA MEETING LOGS
3/18
Jason: Worked on registration page. No challenges. Next work on adding buttons for pages
Christian: Worked on profile page. Had trouble with modal. Next work on refining profile page
Jiaye: worked on partials. Had trouble finishing. Next work on finishing partials
Sydney: Worked on login page. No challenges. Next work on 
Evan: Worked on home page. Need to focus more on database rather than CSS and HTML. Next work on database

4/1
Jason: Worked on test cases. Trouble with the login tests working. Next work on implementing more tests through code.
Christian: Started working on connections for artists/clients. Some bugs, will work on resolving
Jiaye: 
Sydney: Finished working on login page. No trouble, will work on search bar
Evan: Worked on database and got backend started. Will continue fleshing out database. 

4/8
Jason: Worked on navbar. Had trouble with CSS. Next week work on finishing the CSS and styling
Christian: Started working on messages page, had trouble with the API. Next work on finishing it
Jiaye: Worked on CSS, will continue working on bug fixes
Sydney: Finished working on search bar. Will work on sample posts and images.
Evan: Got user profile connected to backend. Will continue working on database

4/15
Jason: Worked on CSS for the whole website. Had challenges with making everything cohesive. Next work on bugs through the site
Christian: Worked on finishing up messages page. No challenges. Work on release notes and bugs
Jiaye: Worked on bug fixes, will continue working on bug fixes
Sydney: Worked on CSS, will continue working on CSS.
Evan: Finished databse and got image functionality. Will work on bug fixes